[B2BP-316] Prevent ".html" suffix being added to URLs ending in ".woff2" (#128)
pagopa/b2b-portals: .changeset/perfect-cycles-care.md

---
"cloudfront-functions": patch
---

> manage the ".html" extension to not be added improperly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prevent the ".html" extension being added to any url ending in an extension (.jpg, .html, .woff2, etc...)
```
I would go for something a little more specific as per suggestion.
